### How does your system work?
I used Python Django, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS for this application.

/christian/christian:
- autogenerated Django folder.

/christian/christian/settings.py:
- added 'webapp' for INSTALLED_APPS.
- tried to migrate SQLite database to PostgreSQL too, but as of now, commented out PostgreSQL part.

/christian/christian/urls.py:
- added '' as default url of webapp applications.

/christian/webapp:
- my application of this project.

/christian/webapp/fixtures:
- a folder that contains a given JSON file; products.json and converted JSON file, output.json, which is generated from importJSON.py that I explained below.

/christian/webapp/static:
- contains all static files such as images, JavaScript files, and CSS files.

/christian/webapp/static/images:
- Christianbook logo and footer logo.

/christian/webapp/static/webapp/main.js:
- my custom JavaScript file.

/christian/webapp/static/bulma.min.css:
- CSS file for bulma implementation.

/christian/webapp/static/styles.css:
- my custom CSS file.

/christian/webapp/templates/webapp:
- a folder that contains HTML files of the application.

/christian/webapp/templates/webapp/detail.html:
- an HTML file of a view of the detail page.

/christian/webapp/templates/webapp/index.html:
- an HTML file of a view of the main page.

/christian/webapp/templates/webapp/layout.html:
- an HTML file of a layout that covers both index.html and detail.html.

/christian/webapp/importJSON.py:
- a file that will convert the data format of product.json into a proper format and generate it as output.json to /christian/webapp/fixtures folder.

/christian/locust.py:
- a file to run Locust for a performance test.

/christian/build.sh:
- a script to build a system. It makemigrations to the application, webapp, then create model products and table.
After creating the database, run importJSON.py file to generate output.json file in the fixtures folder. Finally, loaddata from the output.json to import those data into the database.

/christian/run.sh:
- simply run python manage.py runserver command to start the server.




### How will your system perform with a 1 product in file? 10 products in file? 100 products in file?
I tested system performance with Locust for checking the performance of this application (GET http://localhost:8000/, GET http://localhost:8000/product/705071, GET http://localhost:8000/product/08790)
100 users
- 10 products: 0% failures / average 70 ms response time
- 100 products: 0% failures / average 79 ms response time



### How will your system perform with 100 users? 10000 users? 1000000 users?
I tested system performance with two different databases (SQLite and PostgreSQL)
Used Locust for checking the performance of this application (GET http://localhost:8000/, GET http://localhost:8000/product/705071, GET http://localhost:8000/product/08790)

SQLite:
- 100 users: 0% failures / average 70 ms response time
- 10k users: 1% failures / average 30k ms response time
- 30k users: 61% failures / average 30k ms response time

PostgreSQL:
- 100 users: 0% failures / average 257 ms response time
- 4k users: 93% failures / average 4725 ms response time

For SQLite, I ended up testing with 30,000 users because it took so much time.
For PostgreSQL, I stopped testing with 4,000 users because its failure percentage was already at 93%.

I expected better performance as I migrated data from SQLite to PostgreSQL, but the result was different from my expectation.


### What documentation, websites, papers, etc did you consult in doing this assignment?
- Django tutorial
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/intro/tutorial01/
Although I already worked on several Django projects, I just review this document step by step.

- convert products.json / 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43475240/django-import-reformat-json-into-model
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/howto/initial-data/
I used this link to convert the products.json file to the right format where I can run the command "python manage.py loaddata output.json" to import the given JSON data into the database.

- shell script
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4377109/shell-script-execute-a-python-program-from-within-a-shell-script
I did not have much experience with shell scripting, so I check this link.

- bulma
https://bulma.io/documentation/
I used Bulma as a CSS framework and I reviewed its document for parts I forgot how to use.

- PostgreSQL
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-postgresql-with-your-django-application-on-ubuntu-14-04
I migrated data from SQLite to PostgreSQL although I ended up not using it because the result of the performance test when I used PostgreSQL was worse than when I used SQLite.

- Locust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOu6hgklQRA
I have never done working on a performance test, so I did some quick research and used Locust for this application. I followed the step from this Youtube video for the simple performance test.




### How long did you spend on this exercise? If you had unlimited more time to spend on this, how would you spend it and how would you prioritize each item?
I spent total of 9 hours on this assessment.
- 1 hour for planning
- 3 hours for Django/database
- 2 hours for front-end
- 1 hour for locust
- 2 hours for documentation

If I had unlimited more time to spend on this, I would spend more time on designing first, then want to focus on the back-end side for both Django and database(SQLite or PostgreSQL). Having the extra time for testing like unit testing, UI testing would be good for the quality of the application also.




### If you were to critique your code, what would you have to say about it?
- Very simple Django views methods.
- Also not many components for the front-end.
- Unfortunately, SQLite could not handle 1 million users, and migrating to PostgreSQL did not work as well, unlike my expectation.
- Still not sure about my shell scripting. I only took a course about basic shell scripting before and had limited experience with it.